Add command to copy version information (#845)
github/vscode-codeql: extensions/ql-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

> - Add a command to copy version information about the extension. [#845](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/845)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Copy version information to the clipboard when a user clicks on the CodeQL section of the status bar. [#845](https://github.com/github/vscode-codeql/pull/845)
```
